Add Groth16 settlement pallet docs (#37)
HorizenLabs/zkverify-docs: docs/overview/02-mainchain/05-mainchain_api.md

`pubs: Vec<u8>` The byte vector representing the public inputs (also known as journal in Risc0 terminology).

### settlementGroth16Pallet

#### [submitProof](#submitproofgroth16)

Creates an extrinsic for the submission of a Groth16 proof to be verified and eventually included in the next attestation (if valid).

> The extrinsic fails in case of invalid proof and it's not included in the attestation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extrinsic fails if the proof is invalid which will result in the proof not being included in the attestation.
```
